==== strObj.replace  ====
Returns a copy of a string with text replaced using a regular expression or search string.

   strObj.replace(rgExp, replaceText)

**Remarks**

The result of the replace method is a copy of stringObj after the specified replacements have been made.

Any of the following match variables can be used to identify the most recent match and the string from which it came. The match variables can be used in text replacement where the replacement string has to be determined dynamically.

^Characters ^Meaning                                                                                 ^
|$$         |$                                                                                       |
|$&         |Specifies that portion of stringObj that the entire pattern matched.                    |
|$`         |Specifies that portion of stringObj that precedes the match described by $&.            |
|$'         |Specifies that portion of stringObj that follows the match described by $&.             |
|$ n        |The nth captured submatch, where n is a single decimal digit from 1 through 9.          |
|$ nn       |The nnth captured submatch, where nn is a two-digit decimal number from 01 through 99.  |

If replaceText is a function, for each matched substring the function is called with the following m + 3 arguments where m is the number of left capturing parentheses in the rgExp. The first argument is the substring that matched. The next m arguments are all of the captures that resulted from the search. Argument m + 2 is the offset within stringObj where the match occurred, and argument m + 3 is stringObj. The result is the string value that results from replacing each matched substring with the corresponding return value of the function call.

The **replace** method updates the properties of the global **RegExp** object.


